Genecats Git Quiz

- 1) Where can you go for git-related help and tips for UCSC Genome
Browser development?

- 2) What development model are we using with git currently?

- 3) How have we secured access to the git shared repository?

+ 4) What command is used to create a git repo for your personal development?

+ 5) What command is used to fetch the latest updates by others?

+ 6) What command is used to publish your changes to the group?

+ 7) If you mess up really badly and push an entire messed up tree to the
shared central
git repository, what should you do?  Hopefully this will never happen,
but you need to understand the danger and how to handle this emergency.

+ 8) CVS only tracks changes to single files.  What does Git do?

+ 9) Explain the relationship between the working directory,
the index, the repository, and the shared-repository.

+ 10) What is 3a525393f6a5c47fa08d91ef16c16927ed3cd33a?  What are the
benefits of this?

- 11) How can a Git merge fail? What do you do?

+ 12) Where does Git keep track of what version you have checked out?

- 13) How does Git know when you copy in a new version over an old one?

+ 14) How do you rename a file in Git?

+ 15) What command is used to view the history of commits to a file or
directory?

- 16) What command is used to see line-by-line who changed a file?

+ 17) What command is used to show differences between commits or branches?

- 18) If you refactor, i.e. move a block of lines from one file to another,
why must both the removal from one file and the addition to another file
be committed in a single commit together?  Does this apply for
entire files renamed?

+ 19) What git command is used to undo changes made to your local repo?
What are the variations and how do they work?

+ 20) Why is it very important not to modify the shared history in the git
shared repository?

+ 21) How can you temporarily save changes before pulling/merging or
switching branches?

- 22) What happens to changes to a tracked file that are not committed,
when you checkout another branch?

- 23) How can you examine a different version of a file that you haven't
checked out?

+ 24) How can you safely create a project with multiple git repo dependencies?

